hi everyone it's me lo so today I'll be
showing you this new dolls and I got on
my birthday so this is the last birthday
gift of the day
so as you can see it only comes with a
Barbie doll this is a limited edition so
I'm gonna tell you this video is
sponsored by Mattel for this this this
is read on birthday wishes for Barbie so
look at those designs it's so beautiful
I like that
girly designer I'm the on the back
anyway I like that chair like this so
you know what the back of the box is
birthday wishes so I I don't know any of
these like I can like I love to say them
in different languages bring Spanish
French Arabic I know how sorry the
carrots too blurry birthday wishes so my
camera is really blurry birthday wishes
barbie doll here but sorry for the
blurry
oh my god happy birthday birthday wishes
Barbie it's happy God is happy to join
your celebration she's just is a in a
pretty party gown trans with four pearls
and and I played a ping to the skirt
over like blue taffeta a satin ball
pearl earrings and folks are the perfect
finishing touches
well I couldn't see that announcer buddy
okay come on let's just read it I always
because the other ones you can't
understand
so this down included and here's the
Barbie so Barbie doll calm they were not
like
and I want really the Barbie has over 1
million subscribers now so it's 486 in
up okay if you're younger than six like
choking hazard like you get down here
three years can't use these toys and
look at here the bumper I don't think so
okay
like I hope you enjoyed the video please
like subscribe below what did you get on
your birthday a Barbie doll or something
better or something else and I mean okay
bye have a nice day guys